# HFLA Meeting Agenda
April 11, 2018

## Updates
* Anthony
  * We're signed on to Hackerfund's fiscal sponsorship.  15% cut, $2,000 minimum.  can do facebook campaigns, custom donation widgets for our website, etc.
  * We still have CFA's donation platform (they've updated to new local brigade branded pages).
  * MRT's office - Jethro - is helping us look for a South LA space.
  * Need to communicate about Westside space change April 23 - to Mondays at Carbon Five.
* Nina
  * NAC updates - 
  * Code for California - retreat planning with Patrick.  The next Code for California quarterly call is May 4th.
  * IDEA Brigade Action Team - Goal is to create a toolkit for brigades to implement Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Accessibility in their operations.  Brigade Action Teams are coalitions of multiple brigades that work together on a project for a defined period of time.
  * Governance repo - 
* Hack Nights
  * DTLA - Josh & Tamura
    * Food Oasis presentation
    * Project Updates
    * Needs?
  * Santa Monica - Wes & Kegan
    * SPACE
    * Project Updates
    * Needs?
  * South LA - Nina & Tamura
    * Start with weekend event? (Nina has LAPL lead)
    * Nina needs to email Kenneth Wyrick
    * Kim still following up on a lead
    * Put call out in April Newsletter
* Unassigned
    * Code for America Summit
      * Do we know of any local government going?
      * Can we send them reminder emails 
    * Big Data Day - proposal
    * Workshop Planning
    * Demo Day Planning
    * SCALE - Open Data Day / Brigade Event
    * HFLA Governance & Advisory Board docs (Vyki still reviewing)
    * CFA Fellowship Partners
    * Data + Donuts fall training seminar - volunteers (Sep/Oct)
* For Discussion
  * Governance Repo
