# HFLA Meeting Agenda
July 2018, TBD

## Governance
  * Submission of HFLA Governance & Advisory Board docs?
  * Detailing financial governance
    * Generate donations via selling?
  * Any ideas for merch design?
  * Should we consider a name change? Does 'Hack for LA' convey the inclusivity that we want to foster?

## Hack Night Updates
  * **DTLA (Josh)**
    * Existing Project Updates
    * Workshop Series Updates
      * Updates from our callout in Ev's Civic Tech email blast?
      * Amanda's workshop on "user research, personas, and user stories"
    * Needs?
  * **Westside (Wes & Kegan)**
    * Existing Project Updates
    * Further thoughts on "Themed" Nights?
    * Needs?
  * **SouthLA (Nina & Tamura)**
    * Updates on Sip & Saunder
    * Do we have a launch date?

## Projects Frameworks & Standardization
  * **Open Austin's Project Framework**
    * Updates on Tamura's digitization of the canvas doc
    * Updates on piloting in DTLA:
      * Beautify
      * Clean Air LA
      * Spare
  * **Existing Community Projects**
    * Share thoughts on supporting existing community projects that adhere to our guidelines

## Website & Online Presence
  * **Site redesign**
    * Resurrect the project group?
      * Kegan taking charge of website project group?
      * Does Kegan have Github management access?
      * https://github.com/hackforla/website-redesign/issues
  * **Volunteer Blogger**
    * Updates on blogger
    * What will the person blog about?
  * **Volunteer Social Media Manager**
    * Updates from Andrea
    * What have we accomplished in the past month?
    * What are looking forward to accomplishing in the next month?

## Upcoming Events
* **National Day of Civic Hacking (Saturday, August 11)**
  * What are we doing? Ideas?
  * Who is attending?
* **Big Data Day (Saturday, August 11)**
  * Updates on submitting a proposal
  * Who is attending?
* **Project Demo Day**
  * Updates on a date? (September/October)
  * Updates on location
  * Taking ideas for sponsors and partners:
    * Gov partners
    * Community orgs / npo
    * Food & drink
  * Presentation Topics:
    * Hash out exactly what we want project groups to present
    * Let teams know ahead of time
* **Data + Donuts**
  * 2-day event in September/October
  * Fall training seminar, needs volunteers
* **2019 Events**
  * SCALE 17x
  * Open Data Day
    * Brigade Event
  * Code for America Fellowship Program
    * Start scoping out ideas and talk to government folks for next year.

## Informational Section
  * **DPSS Hackathon Partnership**
    * Department of Public Social Services is seeking grant funding to throw a hackathon
    * Hack for LA is listed as a nonprofit community partner for their grant application
    * What can HFLA get out of this partnership? (eg. donations, visibility, etc.)

  * **Collaboration with 'Code for California'**
    * Merge with existing “California Civic Lab”, which was already established between Code for Sacramento, Code for San Francisco, Code for San Jose, Open Oakland, and Open San Diego - http://caciviclab.org/
    * **Potential projects:**
      * Send Open Data Pledge to CA Senator & Governor candidates for this year's elections.
      * See Chi Hack Night's work: https://chihacknight.org/events/2018/02/13/kim-foxx.html
    * **Existing CA Civic Lab projects:**
      * Open Disclosure (visualize campaign finance data in local elections)
      * State Agency Inventory (status of state agencies’ open data)

## Fill Out Next Doodle!
* https://doodle.com/poll/3wnynp6f74dn9iwk

## NOTES

*
