# HFLA Meeting Agenda
June 13, 2018

## Code for America Summit Recap
  * Nina, Josh, & Wes attended
  * Any highlights or takeaways?
    * Nina
      * Meeting people where they are - building in attending community meetings, non-profit/gov hosted events as part of our activities.

## Governance
  * HFLA Governance & Advisory Board docs
  * Financial governance
  * Merch designs
  * Generate donations via selling?

## Website & Online Presence
  * **Site redesign**
    * Should we resurrect the project group to roll out the multiple things in the pipeline?
    * https://github.com/hackforla/website-redesign/issues
  * **Volunteer Blogger**
    * Someone responded to our callout for a blogger
    * What is the person blogging about?
  * **Volunteer Social Media Manager**
    * Welcoming Andrea!
    * What is our brand messaging?
    * What tasks should she be performing?
    * Who will oversee her?

## Hack Night Updates
  * **DTLA (Josh)**
    * Existing Project Updates
      * CurbMap
      * Spare
    * Workshop Series
      * Working with Ev for a callout to find workshop speakers (civic topics)
      * In talks with Amanda for another workshop focused on user research, personas, and user stories
    * Needs?
  * **Westside (Wes & Kegan)**
    * Existing Project Updates
    * Needs?
  * **SouthLA (Nina & Tamura)**
    * Status update on location.
    * Do we have a launch date?

## Projects Frameworks & Standardization
  * **Open Austin's Project Framework**
    * Tamura is spearheading an online version of the Project Planning Canvas
    * We're trying to get this piloted on our recent projects groups.
      * Beautify (DTLA)
      * Spare (DTLA)
      * Street Tree Map (WS)
  * **Existing Community Projects**
    * If an existing community project meets our project guidelines, can we support them without owning them?
    * What would this look like?

## INFO: DPSS Hackathon Partnership
  * Department of Public Social Services who want to throw a hackathon
    * Nina met with officials
    * They put our name down as a nonprofit community partner for their grant application
  * More information to come...

## INFO: Brigade Action Teams (BATs)
  * Brings together multiple brigades to collaborate on a project
  * **Matchmaking/Project Framework**
    * Lots of discussions on discourse forums
    * The idea has been floating around for creating a set of standardized project frameworks that brigades can use.
    * This coincides conveniently with our recent discussions about our HFLA project groups.
    * While there’s a lot of support for the idea, someone needs to step up to be the champion for this as a BAT project.

## INFO: Collaboration with 'Code for California'
  * Merge with existing “California Civic Lab”, which was already established between Code for Sacramento, Code for San Francisco, Code for San Jose, Open Oakland, and Open San Diego - http://caciviclab.org/
  * **Potential projects:**
    * Send Open Data Pledge to CA Senator & Governor candidates for this year's elections.
    * See Chi Hack Night's work: https://chihacknight.org/events/2018/02/13/kim-foxx.html
  * **Existing CA Civic Lab projects:**
    * Open Disclosure (visualize campaign finance data in local elections)
    * State Agency Inventory (status of state agencies’ open data)

## Upcoming Events
* **National Day of Civic Hacking - Workshop**
  * Monday, June 18, 7pm ET/4pm PT
  * https://discourse.codeforamerica.org/t/want-to-present-on-the-preparing-for-ndoch-workshop-on-june-18/168
* **Civic Tech Happy Hour**
  * Friday, June 29 (time TBD)
  * Location TBD
* **National Day of Civic Hacking**
  * Saturday, August 11
  * What are we doing?!
* **Big Data Day**
  * Saturday, August 11 (can we even go?)
  * Call for proposals open now!
* **Project Demo Day**
  * By mid-September / mid-October
  * Location: where??? LACI? CCF? Other site?
  * Invite List: gov partners, npos, and special invites to Catherine & Lily
  * FOOD!
  * Presentations: What do we want them to present?
    * We need to let all the project groups know ahead of time so they can prepare presentations.
    * Nina would say a condensed version of the Civic Tech Canvas, no wireframes/mockups/MVPs necessary.
* **Data + Donuts**
  * 2-day event in September/October
  * Fall training seminar, needs volunteers
* **2019 Events**
  * SCALE 17x
  * Open Data Day
    * Brigade Event
  * Code for America Fellowship Program
    * Start scoping out ideas and talk to government folks for next year.

## NOTES

* **In Attendance**
  * Anthony
  * Josh
  * Kegan
  * Tamura
  * Wes
* **Dept of Public Social Services**
  * Anthony and Nina are thinking HFLA should receive benefits for being a partners
  * Potentially feeding hackathon projects into the HFLA brigade
  * More information to come via Nina/Anthony...
* **Metro**
  * Metro wants to put on a large-scale Hackathon
  * Open to suggestions, looking to have an open conversation with HFLA
  * Hackathon to be based on metro data
  * Anthony to send out more information...
* **Brigade Action Teams**
  * Potential for HFLA to lead these forum discussions and take charge within the CFA network?
  * Depending on
* **CFA Summit**
  * Wes's felt like it was a firehose event
  * Great to meet other brigade members
  * Seems like the challenges we've been facing are "par for the course"
  * Josh mentioned Code for Ashville, how they got out and inspired civic activism among their members
    * Brigades are meeting in their bubbles but are disconnected from community
    * Seems like Code for America wants the tech community and the civic activism community to come together
  * NAC introduced a CFA Discourse Forum for important communications between brigades
    * https://discourse.codeforamerica.org/
  * A group in DC began form-a-palooza events, bringing people in from the community to hack form-based processes
    * https://formapalooza.dc.gov/
    * Kegan has introduced this to Santa Monica, who is now interested in doing something similar internally
* **Governance**
  * Governance doc is still live, welcoming edits!
    * Should we list financial governance? This can come in v2 of the Governance doc down the road, no need to push this in v1
  * Merch designs
    * If you have designs and ideas, send them!
  * Donations
    * Our new email address: hackforla@hacker.fund will be used for official donations
    * Hacker Fund just sent over the "donor box" for us to embed into our Website
    * Welcoming anyone on the core team who is interested in overseeing donations & finances
    * We're basically in the beginning stages to actually accept real funds / donations!
* **Online Presence**
  * Website needs redesign
    * Project pages
    * Donor box
    * Jon edited the README and linked to a new repository
      * https://github.com/hackforla/website-redesign/issues
    * Kegan will take lead of project group!
      * Wants to discuss with Nina about Github org
      * Willing to manage Github repo
  * Blogger & Social Media
    * Anthony has a potential blogger lined up
    * Andrea has been starting out small helping us find a branding strategy
* **DTLA Hack Nights**
  * Current Projects: Spare, Curbmap, Beautify, C-Tree, and Clean Air LA
  * Need to have a sit-down with CurbMap leadership about its future
  * Working on getting workshop/speaker people
  * July 3rd Meeting turned into a Happy Hour!
    * Tuesday, 6-8PM
    * Location TBD
* **Westside Hack Night**
  * Considering "theme" night ideas
    * Would help people show up and know what to expect "React Night"
    * Helps bring in experts and allows beginners to network
    * Another brigade had similar idea implemented
  * Engage
    * Front-end developer got busy, new devs came in but need guidance around the codebase
    * Had a lot of excitement, but not a solid direction with how it was going to engage with City of Santa Monica
  * July 2nd Meeting is ON!
* **SouthLA Hack Night**
  * Kim from the supervisor's office is helping connect us in this area
  * Sip & Saunder cafe
    * Not yet open for business, but willing to host us in their backroom
    * Have wifi :)
    * Going to the city to get their final permit, need to get health permits
    * Unsure of what the our cost will be
      * We usually don't pay for space, will need to figure that out :)
* **Ev's Civic Tech Happy Hour**
  * Friday, June 29 (time and location TBD)
* **National Day of Civic Hacking**
  * Saturday, August 11
  * What are we doing?!
    * National Day of Civic Hacking - Workshop
      * Monday, June 18 @ 4PM
      * https://discourse.codeforamerica.org/t/want-to-present-on-the-preparing-for-ndoch-workshop-on-june-18/168
  * Everyone will be around, so we can always split our team up to attend Big Data Day :)
* Team might receive an email from Hackerfund, since our hack nights are semi-insured and we're identified as leaders.
