# HFLA Meeting Agenda
Sep 5 2018, 7PM

## Team Updates
  * New team role definitions
    * https://docs.google.com/document/d/19Bj7nYs5eHvNr2voR2tohoOYw2UfN4uCDPrpd6jv7pE
  * Partnerships
    * City of Los Angeles, Emergency Management Department (EMD)
      * Point of contact: Veronica Hendrix
      * Reimagining the RYLAN initiative
    * County of Los Angeles
      * Point of contact: Niles Friedman
      * Update/Scope?
    * Los Angeles Homeless Services Authority (LAHSA)
      * Point of contact: Maz 
      * Head of data teams want to meet and discuss a potential data-focused project
      * Setting a meeting for next week
  * Fundraising
    * Facebook / Online
    * Hackerfund donor box
    * Merch/Swag: stickers, (new) Core Team Tshirts, (new) Community Member Tshirts
  * Website

## Hack Night Updates
  * **DTLA (Josh)**
    * Existing Project Updates
    * Needs?
  * **Westside (Wes & Kegan)**
    * Existing Project Updates
    * Needs?
  * **SouthLA (Tamura)**
    * Location
    * Launch date

## MEETING NOTES
*
