# HFLA Meeting Agenda
July 20 2018, 7PM

## Governance
  * Adding core members to team email (team@hackforla.org)
  * Clearly define roles of core members —Nina
  * Increasing size of core team:
    * Blogger
    * Marketing/events - intro Andrea!
  * Bringing in volunteers to help run NDoCH
    * intro Lex!
    * (Marie-Aimee Brajeux is also interested in helping out, she used to be in Carla's role at CCF)

## National Day of Civic Hacking 2018
  * Theme:
    * Tackling Homelessness in Los Angeles County
    * Featuring 10 lightning talks from subject matter experts and 2 design-thinking workshops led by professional product designers
  * Location:
    * Partnering with LA Counts and California Community Foundation
    * At the Joan Palevsky Center (281 S. Figueroa St, Los Angeles, CA 90012)
  * Time:
    * At CCF, the event will run from 2PM-7PM
    * Followed by a Civic Tech HH from 7PM-9PM elsewhere (Location TBD)
  * Register:
    * [Eventbrite](http://eventbrite.com/e/national-day-of-civic-hacking-2018-tickets-48223021355) —this is the official reservation page!
    * [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/hackforla/events/252682699/)
    * [Facebook](http://facebook.com/events/234840060460199)

## NDoCH 2018, Behind the Scenes
  * Promoting/Marketing the Event:
    * Hack Nights
      * Begin sharing above information starting this upcoming Monday & Tuesday.
      * Encourage individuals to register on Eventbrite to reserve their spot!
      * Direct any questions to team@hackforla.org
    * Reaching Within Our Networks
      * City officials (Los Angeles, Santa Monica)
      * County officials
      * Nonprofits
      * Interested community members
  * Follow along with our [planning doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-VFS6JzLtSH5MCPX5PGGjH8Swg9GqKD2VvgFhzNTWNk/edit?usp=sharing)
    * Review agenda —Josh
    * Review outreach to speakers & presenters —Nina, Lex, Josh, Anthony
      * Open call in Ev's upcoming email
    * Review volunteers & tasks —Andrea
      * Open call on Eventbrite (volunteer ticket)
    * Things that have to do with money!
      * Review swag & merch —Andrea, Nina
        * Generate funding by selling tshirts (cost?) —Nina, Josh, Anthony
      * Speaker Gifts —Andrea, Nina
      * Drink tickets for Happy Hour —Josh

## Collecting Donations, Merch & Swag  
  * Collecting donations through Hackerfund's donor box —Anthony
  * Merch & Swag Ideas
    * Tote bag
    * (New) Core Team Tshirts
    * (New) Community Member Tshirts
  * Promotional Materials
    * Banners (retractable & table-cloth)

## Hack Night Updates
  * Possibility of having Hack Nights on the same day of the week and then doing joint presentations?
  * Projects that are soon ready to give a presentation - Spare, Jobs for Hope
  * Nina prototyped a [series of webpages as a project workflow](https://github.com/matikin9/civic-tech-project-workflow)
  * **DTLA (Josh)**
    * Existing Project Updates
    * Needs?
  * **Westside (Wes)**
    * Existing Project Updates
    * Further thoughts on "Themed" Nights?
    * Needs?
  * **SouthLA (Nina & Tamura)**
    * Updates on location: Sip & Saunder, Hot and Cool Cafe
    * Finalizing a launch date?  Initial speakers?

## Fill Out Next Month's Availability [Doodle](https://doodle.com/poll/3wnynp6f74dn9iwk)

## MEETING NOTES
*
