## May 2019 Core Meeting Agenda

### Meeting format changes:

* Monthly core team meeting not be more than 1 hour (WR)
* Agenda items are sorted in order to speed things along.  We can always skip the fyi's if we run out of time (BW):
  * [NEEDS ANSWER /  NEEDS ACTION](https://github.com/hackforla/governance/new/master/monthly-meeting-notes#needs-answer---needs-action)
  * [FOR DISCUSSION](https://github.com/hackforla/governance/new/master/monthly-meeting-notes#for-discussion)
  * [FYI](https://github.com/hackforla/governance/new/master/monthly-meeting-notes#fyi)

### Events:
* May 14, DTLA - Pre-Summit Meeting 1 (BW)
(for people who have never attended, or for people who have questions.)  Date TBD -Current attendees are going to be Bonnie, Nina and Lexi at this point. 
* May 29th, Girls in Tech Spring Mixer (BW)
We need four (preference given for female or POC) volunteers to help with either setup or take down of event (2 for each end).  The volunteer gets a free ticket. 
* May 21st, DTLA - Introduction to Programming with Python for Fun and Profit (BW)
June 4th, DTLA - Intro to Github Workshop (BW)
* TBD Pre-Summit Meeting 2 (scheduled after the publication of breakout sessions and lighting talks) Date/location TBD
* TBD Post-Summit meeting
* **(Nina is going to add events)**


### NEEDS ANSWER /  NEEDS ACTION
* Welcome Roland to the core team
* Changing permissions on Hack for LAâ€™s github organization account and building teams (KM/BW)
  * Please accept the invitation when you receive it in your email .
  * [Mark your own membership public](https://help.github.com/en/articles/publicizing-or-hiding-organization-membership#changing-the-visibility-of-your-organization-membership): 
  * [Setup two factor authentication on your account](https://github.com/hackforla/governance/issues/20) (if it is not already):  
* Created a [contacts spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hb25B49UVwi87mXBA420q1vDS5pJJvR8AGfI9G9PNc0/) in the google team drive. (BW/NK)
  * Please update your information (email, phone, etc) in there.
  * There are additional tabs for facilities, vendors, and others.  Please fill out as appropriate (carbon 5 contacts, sticker vendors, t-shirt vendors, other org partners, etc.) 
* Core team role writeup request:  https://github.com/hackforla/governance/issues/22 (NK)
* Please put all HackforLA documents into the [Google Team Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0ALlp3FxnEORQUk9PVA), either in the main folder or public folder (BW)
* Background checks update (AR)
  * *Notes carried over from last meeting*:
    * *Background checks are a simple, online process through Hacker Fund's service provider*
    * *HFLA will get charged per person*
    * *Nina and Anthony have already been checked*
* Minors at events & online discussions update (AR)
  * *Notes carried over from last meeting*: 
    * *Background checks to cover only event hosting*
    * *Anthony to check with HF for online discussions*
* SouthLA Hack Night development (TF)
  * location (Sip and Sonder) status update! 
    * Owner, Shanita, came and visited DTLA hacknight.
    * Shanita provided proposal, including costs and expectations, and potential start date of June 12, 2019.
  * Potential Inaugural project, more details as they develop (BW)
  * The start date could be before the next core team meeting.  
    * **What kind of support does the core team need to provide?**(BW)



### FOR DISCUSSION
* Status of May 18th meeting
  * Everyone is available!
  * Where are we meeting? 
    * Possibly cross campus - Marie is checking
  * Who is facilitating the meeting? 
    * Lex has been suggested, has she been contacted?
  * What do we want to get out of it (put what you want below)
    * Define HfLA Goals and Mission (BW)
    **(nina is going to edit this part before meeting)**


### FYI
* Core Team's Management of Internal Tasks/Projects (BW)
  * Using Github Projects updates - KM and BW have created some issues but realized the current inability to assign core team members will keep it from being able to be fully rolled out until that is changed which is in process (see changing permissions).  We will have another update on this next core team meeting and more likely one-on-one demos for how to use it.
* Process for Reviewing Leadership Nominations (NK/TM/BW)
  * Update: Project currently on hold, until after the May18th meeting to determine goals of the organization 
* Update on Finalized and submitted Annenberg Project MOU (NK)
* Installing Standardized Project Processes (BW/NK/TF/AR/Yulia Lane)
  * Update: Project presently on hold, because other projects are more time sensitive or represent roadblocks to tackle first. (BW/NK)
* Project Updates for Newsletter and Website
  * **(bonnie will create new issue and attach here before meeting)**
* DTLA Hack night - 
  * Correction from last week, Nathan is not stepping down as github host he is offering to teach it to other people so we train more of our community in how to put on the workshop. 
    * Have started recruiting for that, and have gotten a positive response.
  * Developing a workshop for github project management/ tools.
* SM Hacknights
  * *Notes carried over from last meeting*:
    * *Creating squads for people of common skill sets to discuss across projects and check-in outside of project responsibilities*:
      * *Dev squad*
      * *Project Leader (Lead) squad*
      * *UX/Discovery squad*
      * Data Scientists?
  * *Have a vision to create a team of professionals that create new project ideas with stakeholders from cities and nonprofits*


---
### Looking Ahead to June 20, 2019 Core Meeting:

  
---
## Meeting Notes

