## June 2019 Core Meeting Agenda + Notes (MAB)

### Meeting norms:

* Monthly core team meeting not be more than 1 hour 
* Agenda items are sorted in order to speed things along.  We can always skip the fyi's if we run out of time:
  * [NEEDS ANSWER /  NEEDS ACTION](https://github.com/hackforla/governance/new/master/monthly-meeting-notes#needs-answer---needs-action)
  * [FOR DISCUSSION](https://github.com/hackforla/governance/new/master/monthly-meeting-notes#for-discussion)
  * [FYI](https://github.com/hackforla/governance/new/master/monthly-meeting-notes#fyi)

### Events:
* [National Day of Civic Hacking](https://www.codeforamerica.org/national-day-of-civic-hacking)
  * Next scheduled: 2019.09.21
   => planning needs? AR = plans for National Day of Civic Action tied together throughout the brigades... Need to ID a delegate for H4LA to coordinate and lead the effort. NK

Partnership Update (JR)
* [Data Con LA 2019](https://www.dataconla.com/)
  * Next scheduled: 2019.08.17
  => JR talking to sign agreements with them. anyone interested in terms of partnership can contact JR offline. V close to closing, we need "event champions" to coordinate volunteers + H4LA team on the day. Good for exposure + getting H4LA in front of new crowds (and in particular have time ot contribute to our community). 
  
* [Tech Day](https://techdayhq.com/los-angeles)
  * Scheduled: 2019.09.26 10am-5pm
  => job fair downtown - anyone interested in being 'event champion' contact H4LA, could be regular attendee not in core team. 


### NEEDS ANSWER /  NEEDS ACTION
* Vacation or other offline dates for core team members (NK) 
    => NK out in first half of July = to be added to the calendar as decided + posted in core slack channel. 
* Do you need to be in the role accounts for resources meeting to be scheduled later ? (BW/NK)
    => discussion about centralized technical google email for various accounts = tech sign ups for different tools etc... Kegan, Wes, Bonnie, NK. 

* Created a [contacts spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hb25B49UVwi87mXBA420q1vDS5pJJvR8AGfI9G9PNc0/) 
in the google team drive. (BW/NK)
    => please update information to have centralized contact list!! = go through the different tabs, take the time + be exhaustive! 
    
  * *Notes carried over from last meeting*:
    * *Please update your information (email, phone, etc) in there.*
    * *There are additional tabs for facilities, vendors, and others.  Please fill out as appropriate 
    (carbon 5 contacts, sticker vendors, t-shirt vendors, other org partners, etc.)* 
    
* Core team role writeup request:  https://github.com/hackforla/governance/issues/22 (NK)
    => all members of the core team should write up descriptions for their current roles within the core team!! (in github = link to google drive for folder with info) 

* Has everyone put all HackforLA documents into the [Google Team Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0ALlp3FxnEORQUk9PVA), 
either in the main folder or public folder? (BW)
    => please put all docs on Google Team Drive - BW to share method to share docs with a whole group not in the core team (only possible for single documents at the moment...) = contact BW for further info if needed. NK and AR to check if possible to get different access through Google Suite (paid for by CfA) - BW to write up the issue. 

* Are we interested in adding PyData Los Angeles to our [events](https://github.com/hackforla/governance/issues/25) that we sponsor and get a booth from?
     => JR to review and see if we want to participate, BW to send details about the event. (need to update events on that link - are they all still relevant) 

* Background checks update (AR)
  * *Notes carried over from last meeting*:
    * *Background checks are a simple, online process through Hacker Fund's service provider*
    * *HFLA will get charged per person*
    * *Nina and Anthony have already been checked*
* Minors at events & online discussions update (AR)
  * *Notes carried over from last meeting*: 
    * *Background checks to cover only event hosting*
    * *Anthony to check with HF for online discussions*

=> AR to clear budget from HF, then send link to relevant people... Until then, NK and AR would have to be present. 
=> language for in person events needs to be revised to have clear instructions = even if background check, need form from parents approving. AR to adapt language from HF document to fit the H4LA events (shorter, at regular times / locations) - waiting for legal counsel at HF to get back to us. = need for boilerplate language to put on the meetup to prevent minors from signing up until it's arranged... NK/AR to give BW
-> for online discussion, code of conduct generally suffices but might need to be amended / specified, + we need to get people to sign up to it explicitly

* SouthLA Hack Night development (TF)
  * location (Sip and Sonder) status update! 
    * Owner, Shanita, came and visited DTLA hacknight.
    * Shanita provided proposal, including costs and expectations, and potential start date
    * Proposal was approved by Supervisor Mark Ridley Thomas
    * Start date negotiations are ongoing.
  * Potential Inaugural project, started at DTLA 311-data project (BW)
  * The start date could be before the next core team meeting.  
    * **What kind of support does the core team need to provide?**(BW)

=> start date of July 17 (provisional) - need to double check with supervisor's office to make sure $$ is set up (NK,TF and AR) 
=> possible inaugural project around 311 data + neighborhood councils (with EmpowerLA from city, connections with South LA) BW in charge at the moment, will depend on participants' interests when the night starts!! 
=> support needed = core host if possible (BW to help as needed) / order more stickers H4LA and CfA (NK) 

=> inventory? tshirts at JR's, stickers kept downtown + SM as needed. JR to add to inventory list on Google team drive. Also older shirts = put them out for free at hack / get donations... 

### FOR DISCUSSION
* Discussion if core team members want summit recap (NK)
  * if yes, what do you want to hear
  * if no, why donâ€™t you want to hear about summit. 
  
  => happy to chat about it but no need to take up time! In particular input from govt workers and what they got from the summit (TF) WR also interested to hear from what was going on that was new... 

* Discuss t-Shirt sales to raise money for supplies and food (BW)
  => to do at events - anywhere else? at hacknights + day of action would be good too... Need to check what price we can/need to ask for (AR to calculate price based on tax exemption) - also possibility to take pre-orders for shirts to avoid glut of inventory = also could get a hoodie for core team!! = check out "teespring" as a vendor to set up 'merch shop' for us. BW to take the lead on t shirts, Andrea to get more info on site. 
  
* Mike a videographer from Fox who has his own company is willing to trade video production for being listed as a sponsor, etc. Are we interested? (BW)
    => possibility of HQ  video from events - AR + JR to review possibility, BW to pass on info. 

* Project Updates for Newsletter and Website
  * There is a new member of Santa Monica who has expressed an interest and has the skills, but has asked some good questions.  We need a leadership champion for this project to get the answers he needs before he agrees to do the work.  If he did do the work, the first item available to add to the website and the newsletter would an interview with Kate from HelloGov.
    * Q1: How many people opened the last newsletter
    * Q2: When did the last newsletter go out
    * Q3: Will we committ the resources necessary to doing the newsletter or will his time be wasted because it won't go out.
    * Q4: Will we commit to doing just news, not sending out canned marketing
    
    => content creation for website / newsletter - WR knows Craig. Craig questioned idea of the need for a newsletter = figure out if it's actually helpful + appropriate for us to communicate. Willing to explore new options for communications about Hack for LA + make new plan. = AR + NK to engage with Craig to help him log on to the website. BW to send info + coordinate for interview with Kate. 

         

### FYI
* Sheryne Nachawati from Cross Campus has reached out to us, via meetup about co-hosting an event with us in their space.
    => possible venue for Day of Action? JR to follow up
    
* Jeanne Dreskin at Replicated has indicated they would like to host events with us.  Their facicility is available evenings and weekends only with the execption of the first Saturday of every month in the afternoon (when they host nodeschool).
Bonnie has pictures of the indoor and outdoor space and the parking lot.
    => could be useful for hosting saturday meetings. JR + BW to follow up  

* DMV event not happening.  - BW Happy to discuss reasons.
* Google code review signup did not happen.  - BW Happy to discuss reasons.

* Core Team's Management of Internal Tasks/Projects (BW/KM)
  * Using Github Projects updates - Lots of progress on this project.  We have sucessfully added all the core team members to the github account.  The next steps are cleaning up all the issues in the repository and creating project boards. We will have another update on this next core team meeting and one-on-one demos for how to use it.

* Installing Standardized Project Processes (BW/NK)
  * Update: Project has been restarted with new project champion (Tiffany Koh) with support from Dean and Kate.
  Here is the [index](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10M9TcbvJZQUfAYezCG7Mtr13rskCbiyl1YJ7ygXS-_0) of the documents they are starting with.

* Mission Statements Update 
AR + NK to go back to drawing board and rework statements to do follow up call that people can join depending on interest - extent of comments calls for deeper rework before we put back out for discussion.  

---
### Looking Ahead to July 18, 2019 Core Meeting:

  
---
## Meeting Notes
