# August 2019 Core Meeting Agenda

## Events

* Civic Tech Happy Hour with Ev
  * Scheduled: 2019.09.05
  * __Update__: Has been added to calendar, please advertise to members.

* [National Day of Civic Hacking](https://www.codeforamerica.org/national-day-of-civic-hacking)
  * Scheduled: 2019.09.21
  * __Update__: The event is registered with CfA. We're talking to potential partners to determine what we will do.
  * More details below.

* [153 Startup Battle](https://battle.startup.network/events/395044/)
  * Scheduled: 2019.08.08 7pm-10pm
  * __Update__: The event was OK... It just seemed that the people who were motivated to be there were singularly driven by a desire to get funding.

* [Data Con LA 2019](https://www.dataconla.com/)
  * Scheduled: 2019.08.17 8:30am-8:30pm
  * __Update__: Kegan is running point, will attend part of the day. (Does the tabling team need any support?) Josh has scheduled all the necessary social media posts.
  
* [Tech Day LA 2019](https://techdayhq.com/los-angeles)
  * Scheduled: 2019.09.26 10am-5pm
  * __Update__: Still looking for an event champion. Please promote event at our hack nights, registration is FREE (and help find a champion)
  
* [USC Riptide Summit 2019](https://uscriptide.com)
  * Scheduled: 2019.10.05 9am-5:30pm
  * __Update__: Aaron is in talks to speak/present a workshop (on behalf of HFLA). Josh is continuing to follow-up with Aaron and Irene (organizer) to ensure HFLA is properly represented at this collegiate event.
  
* [UCLA Explore Tech Conference](https://exploretech.la)
  * Scheduled: TBD (April 2020)
  * __Update__: Vanessa (organizer) reached out to our team. Josh is following up with her to find out how we can support their event. Early returns seem to indicate they're looking for workshop presenters. This event's audience is high school students, so it may not be relevant to us. 

## Discussion

### National Day

* There's a channel for planning.  So far it is Nina, Anthony, and Wes who are involved, plus one westside volunteer, Sam.
* Please direct any promising hack night volunteers who would be interested in being part of putting on National Day to the channel.
* We'll start hosting regular planning meetings.

### South LA Launch
 * It's been running for 3 weeks now!
 * How has it been going?
 * Any needs & support we can provide?

### July Offsite Retreat

* How did it go?
  * Pluses
    * ...
  * Deltas (changes)
    * ...
* Action items coming out of this meeting:
  * Put breakout notes into the Team Drive
  * Kegan to look at data.
* Scheduling for the next one:
  * [Doodle](https://doodle.com/poll/9usqybb35fhqefwp)

### Summer Picnic!

* How did it go?
  * Pluses
    * ...
  * Deltas (changes)
    * ...

### HackerFund responsiveness

- Legal guidance
- Engage expenses
- South LA payment

## Needs Answer / Needs Action

### From Last Month

### This Month

### Standing Items:

* [Contacts spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hb25B49UVwi87mXBA420q1vDS5pJJvR8AGfI9G9PNc0/) 
in the google team drive.
  * please update information
    * **important!** Potential organizational / non-profit contacts / etc.

## FYI

* [Mission Statement Round 3](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OBWyDae-ybtDY1o2xtrbW9lOMc9B_UJX-uvf0KizTsA/edit?usp=sharing)
  * __Update__: We finalized the Mission Statement at the retreat (yay!). The resulting statement is in the doc.

* Brigade Congress is October 18-20 in Cleveland, OH. Consider if you want to attend or propose a session topic.

* Acknowledging/rewarding our volunteers: ideas? want to take the lead?

* We've seen interest in partnerships coming from a student group at UCLA and from a professor at SMC. Due to proximity it seems any relationships would be directly with the Westside hack nights. If anyone has thoughts they'd like to share, DM @joshuazrobins.

## Action Items

_Aggregate action items from the meeting notes here_
