# July 2019 Core Meeting Agenda

## Events

* [National Day of Civic Hacking](https://www.codeforamerica.org/national-day-of-civic-hacking)
  * Scheduled: 2019.09.21
    * @matikin9: as a CFA brigade, we are expected to hold an event on this day
    * this year, CFA and NAC have decided to try national "day of action" around a common theme

* [153 Startup Battle](https://battle.startup.network/events/395044/)
  * Scheduled: 2019.08.08 7pm-10pm
  * Received 5 comp tickets, should decide on this soon!
    * @joshuazrobins: internaltional organization, run events across U.S.
    * @joshuazrobins and @ExperimentsinHonesty to go

* [Data Con LA 2019](https://www.dataconla.com/)
  * Scheduled: 2019.08.17 8:30am-8:30pm
  * Day-Of Specifics:
    * 2 Comp Tickets, with a booth
      * @joshuazrobins to reach out about additional comp tix for table volunteers
    * Booth setup is from 8am–10am, teardown will be from 5pm-6pm. 
  * Needs: 
    * Weekly callouts on Twitter
    * Slack callout in August
    * Promoting event at our hack nights, tickets are open to public
  
* [Tech Day LA 2019](https://techdayhq.com/los-angeles)
  * Scheduled: 2019.09.26 10am-5pm
  * Needs: 
    * Newsletter callouts in both August and September
    * Slack callout in September
    * Weekly callouts on Twitter (9 more)
    * Promoting event at our hack nights, registration is open to public
  
* [USC Riptide Summit 2019](https://uscriptide.com)
  * Scheduled: 2019.10.05 9am-5:30pm
  * Still in talks..
    * @mbrajeux: talked to Riptide *months* ago, more design-focused firm (vs. tech), comms dropped off
    * @joshuazrobins: followed up, good potential partner in the design community, bring new talent

## Needs Answer / Needs Action

* South LA launch date 7/31
  * Do you have contacts or can you provide support?
    * [Planning doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VLn4bxo1pa2jg1PTlJfMchEUKdpsXmGMKmz1YG-Gl7o)
    * @mbrajeux: have we done any outreach to Long Beach brigade / now defunct?
    * @matikin9: No real contacts from the old days other than Andrew. 

* [Mission Statement Round 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OBWyDae-ybtDY1o2xtrbW9lOMc9B_UJX-uvf0KizTsA/edit?usp=sharing)
  * Review and provide feedback before retreat.

### From last month

* [Contacts spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hb25B49UVwi87mXBA420q1vDS5pJJvR8AGfI9G9PNc0/) 
in the google team drive.
  * please update information
    * **important!** Potential organizational / non-profit contacts / etc.
    
* Core team role writeup request:  https://github.com/hackforla/governance/issues/22
  * all members of the core team should write up descriptions for their current roles within the core team!

## Discussion

### Day of Action

@ExperimentsInHonesty: **Important** [Feedback](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1PoXIu12iRCsdw71Katoav9ncm4xrqxR6T7L_JDeoevo/) by tomorrow (Friday 7/19) morning!
* Slack Bonnie in the core channel, send title of card you are voting for.

@matikin9: September will come quickly! Need to get started. 

@ExperimentsinHonesty: *Records Expungement* was chosen as the topic. Some brigades have said they have already started planning. CFA says "not a problem" to do another theme/idea.

@matikin9: [national planning document for Day of Action]( https://meet.google.com/linkredirect?authuser=0&dest=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.google.com%2Fdocument%2Fd%2F16TT64gPQOrhJggGQ6VgMzQmejyS-cqK0FQ78J66_SI4%2Fedit%23)

Part of the benefit, CFA can leverage their existing resources and networks to help this effort.

National Day coincides with *National Expungement Week*, local events offering expungements and other "legal clinic" services.

@mbrajeux: Some of the options are useful for smaller brigades; deeper impact engaging a small number of people, "producing" something. We could instead envision an event similar to the Homelessness event last year, more of an informational learning about Expungement and work in that space? An opportunity is building a recurring format we use each year that we can bring in more people besides the brigade "hackers".

@matikin9: Can the format from the Homelessness exercise be merged with Journey Mapping exercise? 

@mbrajeux: Seems difficult with a wider audience. Maybe not the best use of that time. 

@matikin9: The focus has shifted slightly to the partners e.g. National Expungement Week. We haven't reached out yet, waiting to get through national voting process - but they have been in contact with folks at CFA (Brigade Network and Clear My Record rep)

@thekaveman: Is there a potential for an unrealistic expectation to "produce"? We need to make something that fits our volunteer network. Our value is more in the network we bring, problem exploration, etc.

@mbrajeux: With #heart, there will be a working prototype by then, and it is an expungement project. Our local success story working on regional issues, and follwing-on from last year's event. Let's use the first few hours of the off-site (before Andrew can join) to nail more of this down?

@AnthonyRollins: Are the CFA resources only relationship-based? Or e.g. spaces/locations, monetary?

@matikin9: We don't know exactly, but what we've heard so far sounds like more relationship-based.

### July off-site retreat:
  
* Do we need to reschedule? @joshuazrobins and @AnthonyRollins can't make July 27th.
  * @mbrajeux: Andrew Shrock will be helping figuring out our ongoing governance process. His academic job was to study Civic Tech / Brigades! His suggestion is 80% or so of core team is good enough.
  * @ExperimentsinHonesty hooked us up with a nice free space in Culver City.
  * @matikin9 will post a Doodle with possible options close to July 27th.

* What is the topic/focus?
  * Longer-term view of how to build organizational structures to keep us going.
  * Roles discussion will be important. @ExperimentsinHonesty is this a little bit of cart before the horse though? We haven't yet had a strategic conversation about outcomes from all the activities we're now doing.
    * @mbrajeux mentioned this to Andrew, it will be a key part of the off-site conversation and activities.

* What are the expected outcomes?
  * Before Andrew arrives, we want to decide on loose plan for National Day.

### HackerFund responsiveness

* @AnthonyRollins: Anyone may email our contact if there is a particular frustration or need of status update - HackerFund knows who is on our leadership team.

* @AnthonyRollins: [Minor guardianship form posted]() on Slack, this will be required for a minor to participate.

* @AnthonyRollins: Expense account setup info sent to Owen, Teddy, Eli so they can submit expenses. They need to register and start using system.

* @ExperiementsinHonesty kicked back too-broad NDA to Shared Housing partner for scoping. But we need some kind of HackerFund / Hack for LA release of liability, for e.g. if our members are visiting a site. Owen has sent a possible template to @ExperimentsinHonesty, will forward to @AnthonyRollins for review.

## FYI

* Brigade Congress is 3 months away in Cleveland, OH (October 18–20). Consider if you want to attend...

* Acknowledging/rewarding our volunteers: ideas? want to take the lead?

* Nathan is organizing the *Hack for LA Picnic* for Saturday August 3rd at Rancho Park; more info/announcements forthcoming.

* We've seen interest in partnerships coming from a student group at UCLA and from a professor at SMC. Due to proximity it seems any relationships would be directly with the Westside hack nights. If anyone has thoughts they'd like to share, DM @joshuazrobins.
