# Hack for LA Core Team Meeting
Saturday, January 5, 2019

10:30AM - 1:30PM

## Agenda
#### Reviewing 2018
1. Our Accomplishments (5m)
    * What can we do better? (20m)
1. Financial Report (5m)
    * What's to come?

#### Looking Forward to 2019
1. Core Team (30m)
    * #1 thing you want from working with Hack for LA? (10m)
    * #1 thing you want for Hack for LA? (10m)
    * SWAG (5m)
    * What can we do better? (5m)
1. Hack Nights (45m)
    * South LA
    * Westside
    * DTLA
1. Upcoming Events
1. Additional Items

## Notes

Attendance:
    * Andrea L
    * Anthony R
    * Josh R
    * Marie B
    * Nina K
    * Kegan M
    * Tamura F
    * Wes R

#### Reviewing 2018

1. Accomplishments
    * Nina's 2018 NAC Election Win
    * Participation at SCaLE16x
        * Looking forward to
    * Code for California
        * Becoming more robust
    * Code for America Summit
        * A lot of HFLA attendance, looking to produce similar results in 2019
    * Coro's Tech Event
        * Put us among the right type of technologists
        * Drove a lot of community interest
    * National Day of Civic Hacking 2018
    * Joining the Hackerfund organization
        * Officially a nonprofit, due to fiscal sponsorship
    * Brigade Congress
        * Blog/Blog posts and Presentations coming out of it
    * SoCal Code Camp
    * GIS Day
x`    * LA County Homeless Initiative
        * Establishing a presentation opportunity for our Heart project
        * Marie joining a planning meeting
    * Westside moving from Pivotal to Carbon5
        * Stable core of contributors at our hack nights
        * Have gained a lot of momentum among community; many people returning
    * Downtown establishing partnerships with organizations and gov agencies
    * Downtown starting workshops (inconsistently)
1. Improvements Going Forward
    * Encouraging hack night members to take on more responsibilities and leadership
    * Project Governance
        * "What makes a HFLA project?"
        * Should we establish a skeleton repository (standardized model) so that we are transparent about our milestones
        * Continuity through personnel turnover is difficult, we've never established
        * Establish talking points and an agreed vision for projects/expectations
        * Values, Guidelines
        * Action Items:
            * 3 Week Deadline to come up with a draft ()
            * Subcommittee: Kegan (lead), Marie, Wes
1. 2018 Financial Report
    * $1150 in our account
    * Missing Facebook fundraisers ($800)
    * Missing a few grants (Mozilla: $3000, LA County: $5000, Annenberg Matching: $5000) that are in progress
    * In discussions with Annenberg to help with startup costs of South LA
    *

#### Look Ahead to 2019

1. Personal Goals: #1 thing you want from working with Hack for LA?
    * TF- Showing and helping others use their voice to change the community.
    * AR- Build a freestanding nonprofit organization.
    * MB- Build out the Heart project.
    * KM- Better understanding of connections between Hack for LA and job at the city.
    * AL- Get involved in a project with a partner org.
    * NK- Growing LA's civic tech community. Improving government technology and empowering individuals.
1. Organizational Goals: #1 thing you want for Hack for LA?
    * TF- Figure out what we're going to do in South LA. Get South LA up and running.
    * AR- Get a 1st grant to further build our organization. Build a stronger nonprofit.
    * MB- Establishing governance, values, etc. "What does it mean to join Hack for LA?"
    * KM- Establishing a better understanding among our community members of what Hack for LA represents and means.
    * WR- Mature our projects beyond launch. Getting users, funding, etc.
    * NK- Growing our leaders and organizational capacity.
    * AL- Finish off branding/messaging, and marketing documentation.
    * JR- Name recognition among regional government agencies and nonprofits with tech needs.
1. What can we do better as a CORE team?
    * Regular, monthly meetings should be less about reviewing, more about getting things done and moving forward
        * Talking about tasks that need to happen
        * Tighter agendas
        * Following up with action items
    * Events committee
        * Tamura (lead), Andrea, & Anthony
        * Establish a more active calendar of events
        * Split event focus into quarters
    * Project Governance committee
        * Marie (lead), Kegan, Wes, & Bonnie
        * Establish standardized models and project guidelines
    * Org Governance committee
        * Anthony (lead), Nina, Andrea, & Kegan
        * Establish mission, values, etc.
    * Marketing/Outreach things get lost
        * Would be useful to establish a lead or a committee to handle this
        * Could also tackle tech group collaborations and cross-promotion
    * "Chief Well-Being Officer" - Yoga, stretching, etc.
1. Hack Nights
    * South LA
        * Have ruled out many places that do not work
        * Awaiting the opening of a venue that would potentially work
        * Check in with Tyler from Annenberg
        * Check in with Kimberly Jo from LA County
        * Marie to connect with Million Dollar Hoods and CURB
        * Important that other core team members regularly support this once it gets started
            * Tap into members from other hack nights who want to run intro workshops
    * Westside
        * Interesting situation with Kate's foundation and wanting the project to scale to other states.
        * Kegan recently changed the banner image for the Westside meetups
            * Need more marketing materials
        * Experimented with a new introductory process
    * DTLA
        * Change in door policy for LACI
        * Meeting with WeWork Education School (Flat Iron)
            * Pitch them on sponsoring National Day event
        * Focus has been on establishing partnerships with the city and nonprofits.
        * Nathan has been spearheading a trial 3-month workshop series
            * If successful, we want to continue this regularly
            * We should share the content/curriculum with other hack nights
        * Staffing Needs
            * Andrew Schrock - South LA Hack Night Lead
1. Additional Items 
    * CFA Summit - Submission
        * Marie/Jen to fill out form  (Anthony to send) 
    * SCALE (End of March)
        * Open Data Track Talks - IF anyone has ideas or want to participant
    * Open Data Day
        * We could do event - Happy Hour (w/ Ev) 
        * Board of Supervisors - Recognize by them.
    * NAC Elections 
        

      

1. Stickers
    *
