## April 2019 Core Meeting Agenda

### Events:
* April 23rd, Intro to Python Workshop (JR/BW)
  * Cross-promotion
* April 26th, Civic Tech Happy Hour (NK)
  * Cross-promotion
* May 18th (tentative), Heat Waves Workshop Session (JR)
  * Purposes: establishing organization-wide goals, developing a strategy, branding/professionalism
* May 27-30th, Code for America Summit (JR/NK)
  * Required for everyone attending summit, optional for everyone else
  * Set up a meeting date!

### Core Team:
* How do we schedule future meetings in advance (MB)
  * Identify a champion to organize a sub-team and propose changes by next meeting
* Core Team's Management of Internal Tasks/Projects (NK)
  * Using Github Projects
  * Identify a champion to organize a sub-team and propose changes by next meeting
* Introducing Bonnie
  * New primary co-host for Downtown LA
* Process for Reviewing Leadership Nominations (NK/AR/JR)
  * Identify a champion to organize a sub-team and propose changes by next meeting
  * Current Nomination: Roland Abrego
    * Deadline for input and voting on Roland is Next Wednesday
* NAC weekend report-back (NK)
* Finalizing the Annenberg Project MOU (NK)
  * Organize a sub-team to review

### Hack Nights:
* Quick updates (KM/WR & JR/BW & TF/NK)
* Background checks (AR)
* Installing Standardized Project Processes (BW)
  * How is the sub-committee doing? (KM)
  * Propose developing project guidelines and standardizing processes
  * Propose developing documentation & online publishing guidelines 
* Reviewing how we get project updates for website/newsletter (BW)
  * Identify a champion to organize a sub-team and propose changes by next meeting

---
### Looking Ahead to May 2019 Core Meeting:
* [Please fill out this doodle ASAP](https://doodle.com/poll/2pmaviuq4zeuakh7)
* Topics:
  * Review the standing meeting: Third Thursday of each month at 7PM-8PM
  * Review/share new changes to internal task management
  * Review/share new changes to reviewing nominations
  * Review/share new changes to project updates for website/newsletter
  * Finalized and submitted Annenberg Project MOU
  
---
## Meeting Notes
* Heat Waves Workshop Session
  * Figure out a basic agenda for Heat Waves session
  * Collaborative document to send out to everyone
* We'll have great amount of representation for CFA Summit (including non-leaders like Jim and Lexi)
  * For everyone attending (and those interested), we'd like to get a brief planning meeting
  * #CFASUMMIT2019 slack channel to organize our discussions
  * Bonnie to champion and organize the pre-Summit meeting
* Structured Scheduling of Events
  * What has our past structure been like? None.
  * Can we establish a standing call? YES! *Third Thursday of the month at 7PM!*
* Core Team Internal Task Management
  * Nina and Bonnie propose using Github Projects to keep better track of progress, internally
  * The goal is to make this workflow super simple and seamless
  * Since all of our existing work is done in github, this might be an easier solution than a siloed Trello board
  * They began testing this out using the Governance repo
  * Nina and Bonnie will champion this going forward, any questions directed towards them.
* Reviewing Leadership Nominations
  * 
